Added a linux course (#8163)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Introduction To Linux](https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-to-linux/) - The Linux Foundation (edx)
* [Linux Administration Tutorial Videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9ooVrP1hQOH3SvcgkC4Qv2cyCebvs0Ik) - edureka!
* [Linux Command Line](https://www.udemy.com/course/command-line/) - Adam Eubankas (Udemy)

> * [Linux Tutorial by Ryan's Tutorials](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial)

Reviewer: Please add the author's name

Reviewer 2: Don't invent titles! Use the title given by the resource. In this case, there's no obviious title, except in the html title element, so...

> * [Linux Tutorial by Ryan's Tutorials](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial) - Ryan Chadwick

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Linux Tutorial for Beginners - Learn Linux and the Bash Command Line](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial) - Ryan Chadwick
```
